fix: block.number description for orbit (#2102)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/04-solidity-support.mdx

| `block.difficulty` | Returns the constant 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `block.prevrandao` | Returns the constant 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `block.number`     | Returns an "estimate" of the first ancestor non Arbitrum chain (i.e. for Arb1 and L3 on Arb1 -> L1, for L3 on Base -> Base) block number at which the sequencer received the transaction. For more information, see [Block numbers and time](/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/02-block-numbers-and-time.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `block.number`     | Returns an "estimate" of the first ancestor non Arbitrum chain (i.e., for Arb1 and L3 on Arb1 -> L1, for L3 on Base -> Base) block number at which the sequencer received the transaction. For more information, see [Block numbers and time](/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/02-block-numbers-and-time.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

> | `block.number`     | Returns an "estimate" of the first ancestor non Arbitrum chain (i.e., for Arb1 and L3 on Arb1 -> L1, for L3 on Base -> Base) block number at which the sequencer received the transaction. For more information, see [Block numbers and time](/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/02-block-numbers-and-time.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `block.number`     | Returns an "estimate" of the block number in the first non Arbitrum chain ancestor (i.e., for Arbitrum One and any L3s on top of Arbitrum One, the first non Arbitrum chain ancestor is Ethereum (L1); for L3s on top of Base, the first non Arbitrum chain ancestor is Base) at which the sequencer received the transaction. For more information, see [Block numbers and time](/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/02-block-numbers-and-time.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```
